here at Lund Cadillac I got a 2013 out
here in the dark I want to show you some
of the lighting on the outside also on
the inside see some of the ambient
lighting I'll get up close on the LED
right here and the adaptive headlamps
that are HIV
this is the Platinum version
the rear taillights it looks like a
Cadillac let's go inside and show you
some of the door so lighting here okay
here we go you see this ambient lighting
lori handl this is the driver's door
right there
look at the driver's door sliding down
there in the grip to the door handle
here's the dorsal this is platinum that
lights up
nice feature a nice LED look as you're
getting inside
that's gonna dumb down so here's your
once again this is the driver's door and
get that lighting that's kind of piped
in there goes around the front of the -
continues on the right-hand side of the
steering wheel see that hey look over
here at the passenger side continues
over there check out the back here I'm
going to show you the that's the right
rear door more ambient lighting okay now
this is the left rear door there's some
lighting there this is the rear
temperature controls those light up as
well there's your shift gate eating
ventilation and air conditioning
controls they're ventilated seats there
your cue system with navigation
it's nice as the controller here on the
right-hand side of the steering wheel
and the left hand side for the Bluetooth
and cruise control this all lights up so
easy access at night keeping the trunk
button lights up there on the driver's
door memory seats their settings they
all light up so all the way down to your
child safety locks windows and your your
mirror settings everything lights up you
know heads up display buttons parking
electronic parking rank of course we
have a gauge cluster there
you can situate
heads-up display
overhead you have your OnStar
everything else lights up your slider
for your moonroof and shade your home
link those one two and three light up
your rear shade right there
- that's the button for your shaders
roll overhead
start/stop button
what I like is I love the ambient
lighting a lot excuse me a lot like the
Miss Chevy's and the Camaros
Chevy's Cadillac has gone to same some
are types of ambient lighting show you
the navigation at night
nice large screen in three
shortcuts up here
the phone and you can rearrange these
with whatever you want all you have to
do is just hold them down
adjust those icons so here you go the
2013 you light it back up again exiting
the car
2013 platinum this is your night shot
and you just got to get in here and
experience this car it is just a whole
lot of fun fun Cadillac Phoenix Arizona
we're at 13 11 East fellow Road zip code
eight five zero two two phone number at
602 942 four thousand you can reach us
online at Lund Cadillac